What is DAO?
The acronym DAO stands for Decentralized Autonomous Organization. In simple terms, a DAO is an organization that is governed by computer code and programs. 
As such, it has the ability to function autonomously, without the need for a central authority. 

What advantages do they have?
A decentralized organization has several advantages:

More firepower - anyone in the world can contribute and improve the code
Cheaper - Many developers contribute to cryptocurrencies in their spare time, which means coins can be created without large amounts of funding.
Collaboration - giving each person a say leads to a lot of discussion and anticipation of each proposal, helping to design the coin.

How it work ?

Through the use of smart contracts, a DAO can work with external information and execute commands based on them – all this without any human intervention.
 A DAO is usually operated by a community of stakeholders incentivized through some kind of token mechanism.
Initially, Bitcoin was considered to be the first ever fully-functional DAO, as it has a pre-programmed set of rules, functions autonomously and is coordinated through a distributed consensus protocol.
 Since then, the use of smart contracts was enabled on the Ethereum platform, which brought the creation of DAOs closer to the general public and shaped their current look.
But what does a DAO need to be fully operational? First of all, a set of rules according to which it will operate. Those rules are encoded as a smart contract, 
which is essentially a computer program, that autonomously exists on the Internet, but at the same time it needs people to perform task that it can’t do by itself.
Once the rules are established, a DAO enters a funding phase. This is a very important part for two reasons.
 Firstly, a DAO has to have some kind of an internal property, tokens that can be spent by the organization or used to reward certain activities within it.
 Secondly, by investing in a DAO, users get voting rights and subsequently the ability to influence the way it operates.
 After the funding period is over and a DAO is deployed, it becomes fully autonomous and completely independent from its creators as well as anyone else for that matter. They’re open source, which means their code can be viewed by anyone. Moreover, all of the rules and financial transactions are recorded in the Blockchain.
 This makes DAOs fully transparent, immutable and incorruptible.

Once a DAO is operational, all the decisions on where and how to spend its funds are made via reaching a consensus.
Everyone who bought a stake in a DAO can make proposals regarding its future.
In order to prevent the network being spammed with proposals, a monetary deposit could be required to make one.

Subsequently, the stakeholders vote on the proposal. In order to perform any action, the majority needs to agree on doing so. The percentage required to reach that majority can vary depending on a DAO, as it can be specified in its code.
Essentially, DAOs enable people to exchange its funds with anyone in the world.
 This can be done in the form of an investment, a charitable donation, money raising, borrowing and so on, all without an intermediary. One potentially major problem with the voting system is that even if a security hole was spotted in an initial code, it can’t be corrected until the majority votes on it.
 While the voting takes place, said hackers can exploit a bug in the code.
